hello i am five years m today we are going to look at a long awaited one
system camera from know the core to the eos m
in the box, of course, the acquaintances find a recent self
a the rating
a this turned out to be
a paper loader
with a mustache an intent flash in this case the speed seems 90 x
carrying case for the flash
and the case of this kit and the 18 to 55 millimeters thick 50 65 scm human
if we take a closer look at a ball to see who is at the top
of course, the release button
a switch one can choose between the plus
other exposure prodigy and the film mode and in addition the on / off switch
to sit
a fully-fledged option so that you can mount this on the poster
heart soak stereo microphones
on the back we have a bad luck on it
a play button
a the now key we have here in command dial with various function keys
one in it is true
then here next to the three inspexx friends display
when he is again in the microphone jack on the left side of the camera
houses that connection nsb connection are then under the cover of course
at the bottom rotterdam
a tripod connection and a flap including the apple memory card
be hidden
and then in front of the device is now fourth natural gas lamp
and if we pick it up, we have the 18 megapixels here
british english kp7 image sensor
leersum can be seen as one of the 6 5 2 in a compact stevens that is known as
you
she knows each other's image quality and technology because the honor is available
namely also the same time finance tss 50 3
the home race capacitive in the city sensitivity similar to it
advice from martens, for example, to browse a photo
then you can easily so it seems
to go around the photos
and to zoom in
you can pintje and then scroll again according to easy
the grinding, however, did not whistle nicely yet because when I use the heads
go back and forth then you see that the departments would skip
and if that's the corner
with sharpening then from now on image clearings and then that of te
report making bigger or wanted to make and maybe that is something that may still come
fiction in the future with a point that did
set it up late
it also goes very zoë poll
went with the pope as you can easily close time and aperture below
it is a true setting you tap what you want to change
you fit
similarly easy to
press the shutter button halfway once
did it work again to come back in the abrasion mode you read from it
you can easily change too light, modes are moderate here
you don't end up in the trainer yet
we also have a quick menu in the display
and you can do things like out of mode with balance or, for example, the quality of
the photo adjust the things that you do not need immediately during shooting
below left we also see a small book about the tax shelter
is at this moment he is off and now he is on that is the focus that means
that if i nac a point on a screen he point it on
will continue to follow according to the and that point and that is very handy for that
moving objects
if I turn one on
this is how it turns on if all points touch protected it will focus on that point
and take a photo right away
if it dives into a minimal yellow edition, then you actually see just one
know standard now it really is a whole range and in this menu
you can adjust seven graffel settings that you are in the top I do not now
can adjust and camera settings
like the Polish road users on the mind of your memory cards
all is not happening in this now but most can just happen in rhythm
Don't shoot through the press friend and that just works
really super efficient
we are going to look in one direction
test photos of the pronunciation according to this room to see here we choose on
is every sixteen hundred
they are also two in the top 100
is at 64 100
a 12,000 800 pistol and kept it usable among the high iso values ​​sinners
photos in between
at the moment look after a short test video what has been taken with the century
and then we see too
very good that the autofocus the pilots
works very well
I miss a second instable and / or mobile osn to set myself to size as possible
to make
In addition, the auto focus is acceptable but not about getting home
to write
Tasking gives you easy and intuitive operation
the image quality is very high and comparable to that of acquaintances
SLR cameras
and with the optional adapter you can also just read the honor and you vs on the
ankles and assembling and reading can simply focus on hell
with the eat and drink and last but not least the large manufacturers system camera out
and they have released a camera that knows how to hold its own in one
market where other manufacturers have already found their place, he is
so not very good that is what you can order from us we think I have
many points on point b I thanked for looking and see you next time